README.md, before:

# AP CompSci Work
 Just a place for all my work this year

 ALMini (Array List Mini Problems)-
    This assignment was literally just a bunch of Array List problems. If I ever attach documents 
    of the promts it will describe all of them. Today is not that day tho.
    To use it just uncomment the method you wanna see and input the values into the arraylist needed to make it run.
    You may need to change the Arraylist class type to <Integer> or <String> depending on the method you are using.
    One annoying this is it doesnt run multiple methods at once because it kind of breaks the list since things are constantly being altered or removed.

CardGame-
    This assignment was one where I had to create a deck of cards in order then create a method that shuffled and printed the deck.
    It was kinda cool and my introduction into Arraylist. Most useful thing in the world.
    To use it just run the code and it should shuffle a deck for you.
    If you want to shuffle more or just print the deck use the methods.

ConnectFour-
    This assignment was just making a Connect 4 game that you can play between 2 people.
    I worked on a project similar to this last year when it comes to the methods used to conduct the game but let me say the conditions for winning were pain
    Nothing but Pain. I decided it was a smart idea to check every possible combination to see if the player won. Not only is this super inefficient
    but its also a pain to look at and understand. Other than that it was a solid project. Hoping we use GUI's later on cause looking at connect 4 with
    1s and 2s was not how I want to spend my monday night.

EscapeCharacter-
    To be honest I barely understand this one myself.
    I just know I needed to format some information a certain way for what ever reason.
    The thing was I could only use tabs and not .format, painfully tedious.
    To use it just run the code. Not really a point of changing any values.

LifeDriver(Game of Life)-
    This assignment is based on John Conway's game of life.
    If you don't know much about it I would take a quick peak at this https://playgameoflife.com/ and also just looking it up.
    It wasn't crazy difficult to make as my teacher gave me the driver and told us what each method in Life was supposed to do.
    To use it just run the code, it will ask you how many generations you want and you input a number and each generation will pop.
    If you want to change the cells type your own in or use some of the premade ones at the bottom.

MagicSquares-
    This was a cool project that I actually had to use my brain for.
    It involved creating a magic square using serious of if statements and inputing all the information into a matrix.
    It was my introduction into matrices, It was a good way to start that still involved previous knowledge.
    To use it just input an positive odd number of any size. The larger the better imo.
    Look up what a magic square is to get a better understanding of what your looking at also.

MatrixMultiplication-
    This project was a pain in the ass trying to do the math but actually coding it was simple.
    I don't really know how to explain how it works so maybe when I upload the files for the projects it will make sense.
    For now a youtube video will have to do https://youtu.be/2spTnAiQg4M 

Text-
    I think this project was for like html conversion or something, I dont really know.
    To use it just change the inputs in the main method, There's text in there as an example.

Commit message:

Added Tower Of Hanoi
read thy title

README.md, after:

# AP CompSci Work
 Just a place for all my work this year

 ALMini (Array List Mini Problems)-
    This assignment was literally just a bunch of Array List problems. If I ever attach documents 
    of the promts it will describe all of them. Today is not that day tho.
    To use it just uncomment the method you wanna see and input the values into the arraylist needed to make it run.
    You may need to change the Arraylist class type to <Integer> or <String> depending on the method you are using.
    One annoying this is it doesnt run multiple methods at once because it kind of breaks the list since things are constantly being altered or removed.

CardGame-
    This assignment was one where I had to create a deck of cards in order then create a method that shuffled and printed the deck.
    It was kinda cool and my introduction into Arraylist. Most useful thing in the world.
    To use it just run the code and it should shuffle a deck for you.
    If you want to shuffle more or just print the deck use the methods.

ConnectFour-
    This assignment was just making a Connect 4 game that you can play between 2 people.
    I worked on a project similar to this last year when it comes to the methods used to conduct the game but let me say the conditions for winning were pain
    Nothing but Pain. I decided it was a smart idea to check every possible combination to see if the player won. Not only is this super inefficient
    but its also a pain to look at and understand. Other than that it was a solid project. Hoping we use GUI's later on cause looking at connect 4 with
    1s and 2s was not how I want to spend my monday night.

EscapeCharacter-
    To be honest I barely understand this one myself.
    I just know I needed to format some information a certain way for what ever reason.
    The thing was I could only use tabs and not .format, painfully tedious.
    To use it just run the code. Not really a point of changing any values.

TowerOfHanoi-
    This assignment is based on the Tower of Hanoi.
    It solves the tower of hanoi problem thing, you know what im talking about
    It was annoying to trace but I ended up getting it to work.
    If you would like to test this out yourself go ahead and open up a tower of hanoi game or click this link. https://www.mathsisfun.com/games/towerofhanoi.html 

LifeDriver(Game of Life)-
    This assignment is based on John Conway's game of life.
    If you don't know much about it I would take a quick peak at this https://playgameoflife.com/ and also just looking it up.
    It wasn't crazy difficult to make as my teacher gave me the driver and told us what each method in Life was supposed to do.
    To use it just run the code, it will ask you how many generations you want and you input a number and each generation will pop.
    If you want to change the cells type your own in or use some of the premade ones at the bottom.

MagicSquares-
    This was a cool project that I actually had to use my brain for.
    It involved creating a magic square using serious of if statements and inputing all the information into a matrix.
    It was my introduction into matrices, It was a good way to start that still involved previous knowledge.
    To use it just input an positive odd number of any size. The larger the better imo.
    Look up what a magic square is to get a better understanding of what your looking at also.

MatrixMultiplication-
    This project was a pain in the ass trying to do the math but actually coding it was simple.
    I don't really know how to explain how it works so maybe when I upload the files for the projects it will make sense.
    For now a youtube video will have to do https://youtu.be/2spTnAiQg4M 

Text-
    I think this project was for like html conversion or something, I dont really know.
    To use it just change the inputs in the main method, There's text in there as an example.
